allen.ginsberg,I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked
allen.ginsberg,dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix
allen.ginsberg,angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night
allen.ginsberg,who poverty and tatters and hollow-eyed and high sat up smoking in the supernatural darkness of cold-water flats floating across the tops of cities contemplating jazz
allen.ginsberg,who bared their brains to Heaven under the El and saw Mohammedan angels staggering on tenement roofs illuminated
allen.ginsberg,who passed through universities with radiant cool eyes hallucinating Arkansas and Blake-light tragedy among the scholars of war
allen.ginsberg,who were expelled from the academies for crazy & publishing obscene odes on the windows of the skull
allen.ginsberg,who cowered in unshaven rooms in underwear, burning their money in wastebaskets and listening to the Terror through the wall
allen.ginsberg,who got busted in their pubic beards returning through Laredo with a belt of marijuana for New York
allen.ginsberg,who ate fire in paint hotels or drank turpentine in Paradise Alley, death, or purgatoried their torsos night after night
allen.ginsberg,with dreams, with drugs, with waking nightmares, alcohol and cock and endless balls
allen.ginsberg,incomparable blind; streets of shuddering cloud and lightning in the mind leaping toward poles of Canada & Paterson, illuminating all the motionless world of Time between
allen.ginsberg,Peyote solidities of halls, backyard green tree cemetery dawns, wine drunkenness over the rooftops, storefront boroughs of teahead joyride neon blinking traffic light, sun and moon and tree vibrations in the roaring winter dusks of Brooklyn, ashcan rantings and kind king light of mind
allen.ginsberg,who chained themselves to subways for the endless ride from Battery to holy Bronx on benzedrine until the noise of wheels and children brought them down shuddering mouth-wracked and battered bleak of brain all drained of brilliance in the drear light of Zoo
allen.ginsberg,who sank all night in submarine light of Bickford's floated out and sat through the stale beer after noon in desolate Fugazzi's, listening to the crack of doom on the hydrogen jukebox
allen.ginsberg,who talked continuously seventy hours from park to pad to bar to Bellevue to museum to the Brooklyn Bridge
allen.ginsberg,lost battalion of platonic conversationalists jumping down the stoops off fire escapes off windowsills off Empire State out of the moon
allen.ginsberg,yacketayakking screaming vomiting whispering facts and memories and anecdotes and eyeball kicks and shocks of hospitals and jails and wars
allen.ginsberg,whole intellects disgorged in total recall for seven days and nights with brilliant eyes, meat for the Synagogue cast on the pavement
allen.ginsberg,who vanished into nowhere Zen New Jersey leaving a trail of ambiguous picture postcards of Atlantic City Hall
allen.ginsberg,suffering Eastern sweats and Tangerian bone-grindings and migraines of China under junk-withdrawal in Newark's bleak furnished room
allen.ginsberg,who wandered around and around at midnight in the railroad yard wondering where to go, and went, leaving no broken hearts
allen.ginsberg,who lit cigarettes in boxcars boxcars boxcars racketing through snow toward lonesome farms in grandfather night
allen.ginsberg,who studied Plotinus Poe St. John of the Cross telepathy and bop kabbalah because the cosmos instinctively vibrated at their feet in Kansas
allen.ginsberg,who loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary indian angels who were visionary indian angels
allen.ginsberg,who thought they were only mad when Baltimore gleamed in supernatural ecstasy
allen.ginsberg,who jumped in limousines with the Chinaman of Oklahoma on the impulse of winter midnight street light smalltown rain
allen.ginsberg,who lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, and followed the brilliant Spaniard to converse about America and Eternity, a hopeless task, and so took ship to Africa
allen.ginsberg,who disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving behind nothing but the shadow of dungarees and the lava and ash of poetry scattered in fire place Chicago
allen.ginsberg,who reappeared on the West Coast investigating the F.B.I. in beards and shorts with big pacifist eyes sexy in their dark skin passing out incomprehensible leaflets
allen.ginsberg,who burned cigarette holes in their arms protesting the narcotic tobacco haze of Capitalism
allen.ginsberg,who distributed Supercommunist pamphlets in Union Square weeping and undressing while the sirens of Los Alamos wailed them down, and wailed down Wall, and the Staten Island ferry also wailed
allen.ginsberg,who broke down crying in white gymnasiums naked and trembling before the machinery of other skeletons
allen.ginsberg,who bit detectives in the neck and shrieked with delight in policecars for committing no crime but their own wild cooking pederasty and intoxication
allen.ginsberg,who howled on their knees in the subway and were dragged off the roof waving genitals and manuscripts
allen.ginsberg,who let themselves be fucked in the ass by saintly motorcyclists, and screamed with joy
allen.ginsberg,who blew and were blown by those human seraphim, the sailors, caresses of Atlantic and Caribbean love
allen.ginsberg,who balled in the morning in the evenings in rose gardens and the grass of public parks and cemeteries scattering their semen freely to whomever come who may
allen.ginsberg,who hiccuped endlessly trying to giggle but wound up with a sob behind a partition in a Turkish Bath when the blond & naked angel came to pierce them with a sword
allen.ginsberg,who lost their loveboys to the three old shrews of fate the one eyed shrew of the heterosexual dollar the one eyed shrew that winks out of the womb and the one eyed shrew that does nothing but sit on her ass and snip the intellectual golden threads of the craftsman's loom
allen.ginsberg,who copulated ecstatic and insatiate with a bottle of beer a sweetheart a package of cigarettes a candle and fell off the bed, and continued along the floor and down the hall and ended fainting on the wall with a vision of ultimate cunt and come eluding the last gyzym of consciousness
allen.ginsberg,who sweetened the snatches of a million girls trembling in the sunset, and were red eyed in the morning but prepared to sweeten the snatch of the sun rise, flashing buttocks under barns and naked in the lake
allen.ginsberg,who went out whoring through Colorado in myriad stolen night-cars, N.C., secret hero of these poems, cocksman and Adonis of Denver-joy to the memory of his innumerable lays of girls in empty lots & diner backyards, moviehouses' rickety rows, on mountaintops in caves or with gaunt waitresses in familiar roadside lonely petticoat upliftings & especially secret gas-station solipsisms of johns, & hometown alleys too
allen.ginsberg,who faded out in vast sordid movies, were shifted in dreams, woke on a sudden Manhattan, and picked themselves up out of basements hung over with heartless Tokay and horrors of Third Avenue iron dreams & stumbled to unemployment offices
allen.ginsberg,who walked all night with their shoes full of blood on the snowbank docks waiting for a door in the East River to open to a room full of steamheat and opium
allen.ginsberg,who created great suicidal dramas on the apartment cliff-banks of the Hudson under the wartime blue floodlight of the moon & their heads shall be crowned with laurel in oblivion
allen.ginsberg,who ate the lamb stew of the imagination or digested the crab at the muddy bottom of the rivers of Bowery
allen.ginsberg,who wept at the romance of the streets with their pushcarts full of onions and bad music
allen.ginsberg,who sat in boxes breathing in the darkness under the bridge, and rose up to build harpsichords in their lofts
allen.ginsberg,who coughed on the sixth floor of Harlem crowned with flame under the tubercular sky surrounded by orange crates of theology
allen.ginsberg,who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish
allen.ginsberg,who cooked rotten animals lung heart feet tail borsht & tortillas dreaming of the pure vegetable kingdom
allen.ginsberg,who plunged themselves under meat trucks looking for an egg
allen.ginsberg,who threw their watches off the roof to cast their ballot for Eternity outside of Time, & alarm clocks fell on their heads every day for the next decade
allen.ginsberg,who cut their wrists three times successively unsuccessfully, gave up and were forced to open antique stores where they thought they were growing old and cried
allen.ginsberg,who were burned alive in their innocent flannel suits on Madison Avenue amid blasts of leaden verse & the tanked-up clatter of the iron regiments of fashion & the nitroglycerine shrieks of the fairies of advertising & the mustard gas of sinister intelligent editors, or were run down by the drunken taxicabs of Absolute Reality
allen.ginsberg,who jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge this actually happened and walked away unknown and forgotten into the ghostly daze of Chinatown soup alley ways & firetrucks, not even one free beer
allen.ginsberg,who sang out of their windows in despair, fell out of the subway window, jumped in the filthy Passaic, leaped on negroes, cried all over the street, danced on broken wineglasses barefoot smashed phonograph records of nostalgic European 1930s German jazz finished the whiskey and threw up groaning into the bloody toilet, moans in their ears and the blast of colossal steam whistles
allen.ginsberg,who barreled down the highways of the past journeying to each other's hotrod-Golgotha jail-solitude watch or Birmingham jazz incarnation
allen.ginsberg,who drove crosscountry seventytwo hours to find out if I had a vision or you had a vision or he had a vision to find out Eternity
allen.ginsberg,who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded & loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes
allen.ginsberg,who fell on their knees in hopeless cathedrals praying for each other's salvation and light and breasts, until the soul illuminated its hair for a second
allen.ginsberg,who crashed through their minds in jail waiting for impossible criminals with golden heads and the charm of reality in their hearts who sang sweet blues to Alcatraz
allen.ginsberg,who retired to Mexico to cultivate a habit, or Rocky Mount to tender Buddha or Tangiers to boys or Southern Pacific to the black locomotive or Harvard to Narcissus to Woodlawn to the daisychain or grave
allen.ginsberg,who demanded sanity trials accusing the radio of hyp notism & were left with their insanity & their hands & a hung jury
allen.ginsberg,who threw potato salad at CCNY lecturers on Dadaism and subsequently presented themselves on the granite steps of the madhouse with shaven heads and harlequin speech of suicide, demanding instantaneous lobotomy
allen.ginsberg,and who were given instead the concrete void of insulin Metrazol electricity hydrotherapy psychotherapy occupational therapy pingpong & amnesia
allen.ginsberg,who in humorless protest overturned only one symbolic pingpong table, resting briefly in catatonia
allen.ginsberg,returning years later truly bald except for a wig of blood, and tears and fingers, to the visible mad man doom of the wards of the madtowns of the East
allen.ginsberg,Pilgrim State's Rockland's and Greystone's foetid halls, bickering with the echoes of the soul, rocking and rolling in the midnight solitude-bench dolmen-realms of love, dream of life a nightmare, bodies turned to stone as heavy as the moon
allen.ginsberg,with mother finally ******, and the last fantastic book flung out of the tenement window, and the last door closed at 4. A.M. and the last telephone slammed at the wall in reply and the last furnished room emptied down to the last piece of mental furniture, a yellow paper rose twisted on a wire hanger in the closet, and even that imaginary, nothing but a hopeful little bit of hallucination
allen.ginsberg,ah, Carl, while you are not safe I am not safe, and now you're really in the total animal soup of time
allen.ginsberg,and who therefore ran through the icy streets obsessed with a sudden flash of the alchemy of the use of the ellipse the catalog the meter & the vibrating plane
allen.ginsberg,who dreamt and made incarnate gaps in Time & Space through images juxtaposed, and trapped the archangel of the soul between 2 visual images and joined the elemental verbs and set the noun and dash of consciousness together jumping with sensation of Pater Omnipotens Aeterna Deus
allen.ginsberg,to recreate the syntax and measure of poor human prose and stand before you speechless and intelligent and shaking with shame, rejected yet confessing out the soul to conform to the rhythm of thought in his naked and endless head
allen.ginsberg,the madman bum and angel beat in Time, unknown, yet putting down here what might be left to say in time come after death
allen.ginsberg,and rose reincarnate in the ghostly clothes of jazz in the goldhorn shadow of the band and blew the suffering of America's naked mind for love into an eli eli lamma lamma sabacthani saxophone cry that shivered the cities down to the last radio
allen.ginsberg,with the absolute heart of the poem of life butchered out of their own bodies good to eat a thousand years.  II 
allen.ginsberg,What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination?
allen.ginsberg,Moloch! Solitude! Filth! Ugliness! Ashcans and unob tainable dollars! Children screaming under the stairways! Boys sobbing in armies! Old men weeping in the parks!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch! Moloch! Nightmare of Moloch! Moloch the loveless! Mental Moloch! Moloch the heavy judger of men!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch the incomprehensible prison! Moloch the crossbone soulless jailhouse and Congress of sorrows! Moloch whose buildings are judgment! Moloch the vast stone of war! Moloch the stunned governments!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch whose mind is pure machinery! Moloch whose blood is running money! Moloch whose fingers are ten armies! Moloch whose breast is a cannibal dynamo! Moloch whose ear is a smoking tomb!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch whose eyes are a thousand blind windows! Moloch whose skyscrapers stand in the long streets like endless Jehovahs! Moloch whose factories dream and croak in the fog! Moloch whose smokestacks and antennae crown the cities!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch whose love is endless oil and stone! Moloch whose soul is electricity and banks! Moloch whose poverty is the specter of genius! Moloch whose fate is a cloud of sexless hydrogen! Moloch whose name is the Mind!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch in whom I sit lonely! Moloch in whom I dream Angels! Crazy in Moloch! Cocksucker in Moloch! Lacklove and manless in Moloch!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch who entered my soul early! Moloch in whom I am a consciousness without a body! Moloch who frightened me out of my natural ecstasy! Moloch whom I abandon! Wake up in Moloch! Light streaming out of the sky!
allen.ginsberg,Moloch! Moloch! Robot apartments! invisible suburbs! skeleton treasuries! blind capitals! demonic industries! spectral nations! invincible mad houses! granite cocks! monstrous bombs!
allen.ginsberg,They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven! Pavements, trees, radios, tons! lifting the city to Heaven which exists and is everywhere about us!
allen.ginsberg,Visions! omens! hallucinations! miracles! ecstasies! gone down the American river!
allen.ginsberg,Dreams! adorations! illuminations! religions! the whole boatload of sensitive bullshit!
allen.ginsberg,Breakthroughs! over the river! flips and crucifixions! gone down the flood! Highs! Epiphanies! Despairs! Ten years' animal screams and suicides! Minds! New loves! Mad generation! down on the rocks of Time!
allen.ginsberg,Real holy laughter in the river! They saw it all! the wild eyes! the holy yells! They bade farewell! They jumped off the roof! to solitude! waving! carrying flowers! Down to the river! into the street!  III 
allen.ginsberg,Carl Solomon! I'm with you in Rockland where you're madder than I am
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you must feel very strange
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you imitate the shade of my mother
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you've murdered your twelve secretaries
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you laugh at this invisible humor
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where we are great writers on the same dreadful typewriter
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where your condition has become serious and is reported on the radio
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where the faculties of the skull no longer admit the worms of the senses
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you drink the tea of the breasts of the spinsters of Utica
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you pun on the bodies of your nurses the harpies of the Bronx
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you scream in a straightjacket that you're losing the game of the actual pingpong of the abyss
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you bang on the catatonic piano the soul is innocent and immortal it should never die ungodly in an armed madhouse
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where fifty more shocks will never return your soul to its body again from its pilgrimage to a cross in the void
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you accuse your doctors of insanity and plot the Hebrew socialist revolution against the fascist national Golgotha
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where you will split the heavens of Long Island and resurrect your living human Jesus from the superhuman tomb
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where there are twenty-five-thousand mad comrades all together singing the final stanzas of the Internationale
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where we hug and kiss the United States under our bedsheets the United States that coughs all night and won't let us sleep
allen.ginsberg,I'm with you in Rockland where we wake up electrified out of the coma by our own souls' airplanes roaring over the roof they've come to drop angelic bombs the hospital illuminates itself imaginary walls collapse O skinny legions run outside O starry spangled shock of mercy the eternal war is here O victory forget your underwear we're free
